129253,B0029JVOLY,A1D2ZYEXKQQ8FU,luvstoshop,0,0,5,1313625600,"Tastes like homemade, only better.","i like to make everything homemade, but when it comes to brownies this is the brand i choose. it is also dairy free, so that is great for those with dairy allergies. moist and delicious tasty every time!"
129254,B002LMMZTE,A3PUF3OI3DNX66,Green Witch,0,0,5,1296000000,Wonderful Stuff!,"I have been using Giovanni Body Wash (White Tea scent) for several years now. I have extremely sensitive skin, prone to acne, rashes and irritations when using most other soaps. I have wasted tons of money trying soap after soap hoping to find something that wouldn't irritate my skin, lathering well, while leaving me feeling clean. This soap has a really nice, soft scent, washes skin clean of dirt and oil and leaves no soap scum after rinsed off. This is the only soap I have found that does not cause break-outs/irritations and lathers well. I truely wish I could find a more econonmcal product that does the same job as this body wash but still haven't found one. So I try to find really good deals when buying this body wash to help off set the cost.<br /><br />Please note: this soap is a little drying.. so if you already have a dry skin conidtion this may not be the soap for you. I lived in a very warm humid climate when I started using this soap and did not notice the drying effect until I moved to a much cooler and dryer area. With that being said Giovanni also sells one of the best moisturizers I have ever used, it's their body butter (comes in the same scents as the body washes). This body butter works fantasticly! I am in the health care field and have to wash my hands many, many times a day. If I put some of the body butter on at night right before I go to sleep, my hands are moisturized all the next day without reapplying! I have tried many moisturizers that seems to work great until you wash your hands, then its like you never had any on in the first place... the body butter is not like this."
129255,B002LMMZTE,A2O88AM53QRNOW,starsweet,0,0,3,1262390400,Where's the moisture?,"Ok, so I absolutely love the packaging and the nifty description on the back of the bottle, but when I'm paying .64/oz, I expect it to moisturize. Giovanni claims that their washes include ""essential oil complex to soothe, smooth and regenerate skin's lost moisture"" but the ingredients' list contains no such ingredient, unless they are referring to the ""Essential Oil Fragrance"" in which case they are blatantly lying because essential oils provide scent, not moisture. Even the dollar bottles of cheapo wash at Walmart contain some type of moisturizer, albeit petroleum. Sometimes I use St. Ives Whipped Silk body wash and it's definitely more moisturizing than Giovanni due to the sunflower oil. I've noticed even JASON's washes contain Sodium PCA to moisturize (although their stuff also has harsh sulfates, so I've never tried them). Or maybe Giovanni deliberately left out any moisturizers out so that we buy their lotions/body butters. Ha!<br /><br />While I sound like I hate the product, I really don't; I just wish it provided some moisture. The good: it looks and feels like a spa product, washes well and rinses cleanly, and smells good and not artificial perfumey like Herbal Essences and all that other junk. Also, it actually works well as a shampoo when in a pinch. In fact, I've taken to using it as shampoo as well since Giovanni keeps changing their shampoo formulas (and for the worse, it seems, judging from the new ingredients) and body washes tend to be more gentle than shampoos. I've tried Raspberry Winter, Lavender Vanilla Snow, Cassifluer White Tea, and D:tox (bar soap form) and they all smell awesome. True aromatherapy in a bottle."
129256,B004MMNNDS,A248RO4GSIWDII,Robert Kawalec,0,0,5,1351209600,Love it!,"Heard great things about drinking this tea. I was very happy with the purchase from this vendor, and I need to reorder ASAP."
129257,B003RJP024,A13D6C4UCBOIWN,sue b,0,0,4,1322956800,pretty good,This coffee was a little different than I had expected. I expected it to taste just like the cherry syrup I used to put in my coffee. Of course it didn't. I am trying to cut down on sugar and this coffee had a cherry chocolate taste to it. It was pretty good.
129258,B004PE80T0,ACA2Z99MCVUPU,FEEL,0,0,5,1322611200,Nice product,It was so nice for me to buy the Motts juices here in Amazon.com. It was cheaper than the other offline places. Thank you so much.
129259,B004PE80T0,A3DPEA5E19SVY,Patrick Marshall,0,0,5,1311811200,Perfect size and sturdy bottle,"One of our soldiers serving in Afghanistan requested apple juice.  These bottles are a sturdy plastic, but I double-bagged them in plastic zip bags, just in case.  Haven't heard any complaints, but I'm guessing they love it!"
129260,B001SAQ5Z0,A6WOI2FLQ0DHJ,"Lady Detective ""Princess""",1,1,5,1299628800,Oh to be in Louisiana!!!!!!,"I bought this because the brand I wanted was out of stock. I am SO.............. glad!!! This is FANTASTIC!!!! It is spicy and has a slight kick to it. Absolutely delicious and the smell is to die for. Makes your mouth water while cooking. And the day after, even better. I have not tried the other products in this brand but this dirty rice is great!!!!!!"
129261,B001GEBTYK,ARRE9OV7KFZ5W,Jody,0,0,5,1350950400,Spetacular!,We used this BBQ sauce all the time in California.  Didn't know what we were missing until we looked for it on line.  We purchased a couple of bottles to begin with.  Then we bought 2- 6 packs!!  If I could store a barrel of it I would buy one!!  Too bad it is not shelf price.<br />A bit expensive but if you are frugal it is worth the cost!!
129262,B001GEBTYK,A19QJJCT7RKQQB,Tom Cuillier,0,0,5,1346112000,Yummy!  Great stuff,"I just wish this was available still.  Can't find it anywhere.<br />Maybe they are out of business?<br />Too bad, this is the very best BBQ sauce."
129263,B001GEBTYK,A3DU6D6ZJH56JK,Likes Red,0,0,5,1320710400,Return of a Great Remembered Flavor,"I was surprised to find this product on Amazon.  I had been looking for it, for quite some time, in many grocery stores.  Being from Southern California,  I hadn't realized that the product originated from that area.  A flavor I remembered, that is just as wonderful!!"
I have tried lots of BBQ sauces, including homemade, and believe Chris' & Pitt's BBQ Sauces to be the BEST you can make or buy
Great morning cake!,We must have made about 20 of these cakes last fall  They are so good!  Also very easy to make.  This was great with bacon and eggs in the morning.  It was also great for dessert (as I believe it was intended ;).  We didn't put the icing on as suggested as the cake was great without it.  Now that it's getting a little chilly out we're excited to start making our favorite fall cake again.
I bought the Duncan Hines Apple Decadent Caramel cake mix while shopping for snacks for a game night yesterday, and OMG, it is amazing! It was quick and easy to make, and I baked it in a bundt pan. Since it's not a full-sized cake mix, the bundt cake was about the height of a coffee cake. But oh, it is soooo much better! Incredibly moist, nice apple flavor (it has apple bits in it), good caramel taste too. This is great either as a dessert or a breakfast/brunch cake. Decadent is definitely the right word for it!<br /><br />I don't understand why the seller here on Amazon is selling it for such a high price, though! I paid less than $3 for it."
This tea was light, aromatic, and soothing.  It smells of and has a subtle taste of lavender, so if you want that it's a good tea for you."
Accomplished my expectations.,Has a good weight and texture (material) giving an excellent look and acceptance to the final product.
Corn on the Cob Queen,I cook all my Corn on the Cob with this season. It is the highlight of a dinner or Barbeque.
Excellent seasoning mix,I found Wiley's Corn Boil Seasoning to be an excellent mixture to season fresh corn. I wouldn't dream of preparing corn on the cob without using it. The mixture enhances the taste of corn on the cob.
Since becoming a vegan, I sometimes have a craving for caramel.  This really hits the spot.  I love it over ice cream.  It's not exactly the same as a milk and sugar based caramel but it is a delicious alternative."
I had purchased this tea months ago at Whole Foods and was delighted to see that it is on Amazon. I don't know much about tea, and this is not the best I've ever tasted, but it is very energizing."
Okay but not Cake Mate,"I grew up in New England.  We had Cake Mate sprinkles or jimmies.  They are made in Florida by Signature Foods. I still get them when I go back as they are in the grocery stores.  The CK ones are okay, and I thought they would be quite similar -- same bad hydrogenated oils and the reviews.  These are certainly fine for a cupcake.  But for ice cream or the occasional spoonful of sprinkles, you need the Cake Mate.  These are available in 32 oz. from spiceworld online.  They are listed on Amazon but not as currently available.  I plan to get some soon."
Got the job done,These are very colorful but not the best tasting. I used them for my sons first bday as we were having a very large party and didn't want to buy 20 mini cans but taste wise the quality was not there....the look was great. I'm sure no one knew any better after all frosting fixes all.
Exactly what I wanted,The Jimmies had purple in the mix.  That was exactly what I was looking for.  Since we are not planning on eating these (but throwing them instead of rice). I won't know taste.  But color is excellent!
I used these rainbow jimmies for a rainbow cupcake topper and added them to rice krispie treats for my daughter's 6th birthday.  Obviously, it was a rainbow party.  The package didn't look like the picture, but I was not disappointed in the product.  I would buy from this company again."
We chose a Thing 1/Thing 2 theme for our twins' first birthday party, and these sprinkles were the perfect color. They lean more towards turquoise than a true blue, but with our red baking cups, and white frosting, they were the perfect finishing touch!"
Great Looking!,These sprinkles make a great presentation and are tasty too!  Used them for my french chocolate balls.  Would recommend them highly.
Exactly what I thought it would be. ALOT (more then I will ever need) of pink sprinkles, that taste like... sprinkles!"
Great size bag for the price! I am making a funfetti cake with just purple. These sprnkles/jimmies are exactly what I wanted. Although, the color could be darker."
Great Price and Delicious sprinkles....,Jimmies sprinkles are the best i love them because they are soft and unlike the other hard sprinkles don't get stuck in your teeth. lol But it was a great buy. You have a better deal here that anywhere else.
Good quality sprinkles.  Pricing seems pretty decent.  Love the way they make my cupcakes look - takes me back to my elementary school days, long ago!  Only gripes: the ""partially-hydrogenated"" ingredient and non-resealable bag.  By the way, the advertised bag looks completely different than the one you get - it's not black.  Tastes like classic Jimmies too and isn't so sweet that it'll over-sweeten your frosting."
Not my favorite tasting jimmies,"Pros - good price for its size, fast delivery,<br />Con - not the best tasting jimmies, still better than getting the small grocery store size"
This was perfect for my purposes! I made a personalized ""funfetti"" cake for a bridal shower for a girl whose colors were hot pink and black, and this was awesome to get it done! Fast shipping too!"
These Are Great!,I bought these sprinkles for my cupcakes and not only are they gorgeous but you get a lot for the money. The silver is very true to color and they make a lovely accent to your cupcakes.
Exactly what I needed,"I bought these jimmies because I couldn't find the needed orange color in any of my local stores.  A pound of jimmies is a lot, but I went through more than I expected, probably half the bag to thoroughly coat a recipe of chocolate truffles.  The taste is, well, jimmy-taste.  My only disappointment/surprise was how short these jimmies are -- about two-thirds of the length of Wilton and CakeMate brands I have in the cupboard.<br /><br />If you need a special color that only CK makes, don't hesitate to get them.<br /><br />-- Debbie Lee  Wesselmann
Seriously, sprinkles are not just for eye pleasing aesthetics but for mouth pleasing texture.  This bag is great value compared to buying the smaller size shakers with different colors. I can use two of containers of  those colors on one batch of 24 cupcakes.  I just have to find a proper container to put the bag ones in so they are easy to shake out onto cupcakes, as that is what I use them for mostly. I'll check on amazon to see if I can find an appropriate shaker.  I may just buy a smaller one (about 10 oz) shaker and use and re-use that one.  My son and I like them also on ice cream, topped with ready whip canned cream. Gives pleasing texture to  ice cream. Yum!
Double french vanilla coffee,I love this coffee. I add a small amount to my regular coffee and it really makes a great tasting cup of coffee.
Did not like this sauce at all.,Flavor was really odd. This did not discourage me from trying other products by the same company and those were good.
The cats liked it,This cat food was on a list of possibles for diabetic cats.  The cat liked it
