I consume about a jar every two weeks of this, either adding it to fajitas or using it as a corn chip dip
As soon as I tasted one and it tasted like a corn chip I checked the ingredients
I found these crisps at our local WalMart & figured I would give them a try
Chilling in the fridge seems to boost the flavor even more; and using them, rather than corn chips, to make nachos will have your tastebuds singing like Janet Jackson. (But without any of the associated wardrobe risks. (-:) HIGHLY recommended.
Do they have to bite back,I want to like Kettle because they contain no corn oil or soybean oil (which are both GMO, and also my kids are allergic to corn and soy), but darnit, these things bite back! On the plus side, the sharpness of them may keep you from mindlessly enjoying too many. On the minus side, a mouthful of cuts and scratches is not worth it. Do they have to be SO hard and crunchy? What's wrong with simply light and crispy? I vastly prefer Lay's texture, but suffer with Kettle due to the absense of GMOs and cornsoy. I wish they'd come out with something less harsh on the mouth, though.
These chips are awesome if not best but....,I think these chips are awesome if not the best along with Poor Brothers Salt and Vinager chips. But if you buy these Spicy Thai chips in a smaller bag it might have too much of the flavor (at the bottom of the bag) in it then the larger bag at least that was my experience last time I bought these off amazon but that was like in 2010. So I would suggest trying Spicy Thai in a bag bigger then 5 ounces.
Made in Michigan since 1866,"I like ""Vernor's"", and drink it all the time. It is old fashioned drink from Michigan, since 1866, and the labeling was known for its lovely green and gold colors and the gnome character. If you look at the can it is actually called ginger soda instead of ale and is different than typical ginger ale in taste. Vernors has a strong vanilla presence, is smoother and more moist, and sweeter than a ginger ale. It is closer to a cream soda than ginger ale, very good. A ginger ale is more dry, higher in carbonation, and has a spicier bite to it. Vernors has 39 grams sugar per can, versus 33 grams per can for Schweppes Ginger Ale. Neither has caffeine.br  The recipe has changed a bit over the years mostly in the choice of sweeteners. They use the same high fructose corn syrup that the cost-cutting mega soda companies use, rather than the cane sugar they used to use. The down side to that is that the corn syrup syrup drowns out some of the flavors. Many microbrews are using cane sugar again, although it costs more, to get a better taste. Vernor's is still aged in oak barrels for 3 years, no doubt accounting for the smoothness. All in all a great soda for anytime. The soda is also known, like other ginger drinks, for its use as a home remedy for an upset stomach.br Vernor's is a regional soda, and there are many areas of the country you can't find it in. That is why it sells here. They may be selling it in glass bottles again soon, at least there is a page that says so the day I am writing this comment. Search at Amazon for ASIN: B001JK2SEG to see what I mean. Vernors has quite a history, and there are two books at Amazon about the soda. The first is Vernor's Ginger Ale (Images of America: Michigan) ISBN-10: 0738551856. The second book is ""The Vernor's Story: From Gnomes to Now"" ISBN-10: 0472066978 a book about the company's marketing green and gold packaging with the famous gnome, and Vernor's fans.
Caramel flavor, excellent for baking and toppings (tips for using agave, too)","If you want to find a good flavor substitute for maple syrup, barley malt, or brown rice syrup, this will do nicely. I use Madhava's agave nectar in my baked goods all the time, and am always pleased with the results. At the time I'm writing this, Amazon was out of stock as a vendor. However, when it was in stock, it was priced well for the 2-pack.br  Other than baking, I've used it to top waffles, pancakes, and in small doses (12 teaspoon) added it to oatmeal. A little goes a long way.br  Using agave nectar: Use 13 to 12 less agave nectar than you would another sweetener (depending on your taste and the recipe. Recipes with dried fruit need much less), cut the heat in the oven by 25 degrees F; if there is oil in the recipe, cut it by 13 (alternately, use a tablespoon or two of sifted coconut flour to absorb more of the liquid -- just don't use too much or your recipe will be dry). Additionally, when baking, make sure to mix it with the wet ingredients prior to adding it to the dry. Most bakers might already know this, but remember to read recipes first because sugar is typically added with dry ingredients (unless beaten with butter first).br  Agave nectar does not crystalize like other sugars do, so you won't be able to substitute it for corn syrup in making hard candy. However, I highly recommend it for baking. It makes everything moister.br  If you are looking for less caramel flavor, you'll need to use the light version of this product (equally good in all applications).
Best kept secret.,I love this product.  All of the different flavors are fantastic.  My family likes the 3 grain the best.  No more corn tortilla chips in this house!
Perfect tortilla chip goodness!,"My husband (who, being Mexican, is very picky about his tortilla chips) and I absolutely love these!  The texture is light and crispy, rather than thick and crunchy. He actually usually prefers a very hearty, cruncy chip (Like El Ranchero), but the flavor of these is so fantastic that we're both thilled with them. The bean, rice and corn base makes them incredibly flavorful, and they have a touch of onion and garlic in addition to that. We go through an embarrassing amount of them.  I never, ever like plain chips, but these I can eat without anything else, although they're particularly amazing with a fresh salsa.  I highly recommend these!
Really wanted to like these...,"This product must qualify for some sort of deceptive packaging award. The box only contains 5 bars and the wrappers are smaller than normal, so at least 50% of the interior of the box is air. Then when you unwrap the bar you find they are only about 60% the length of a ""normal"" snack bar. The rest of it is empty air inside the wrapper. If they were to not include wrappers those 5 bars would occupy less than 25% of the space inside the box.br  As far as taste goes they are so-so. On the dry side with a hint of berry flavor. Celiacs, who are used to inferior products, won't be disappointed in the taste of this one.br  I've also had their cookies and they suffer from the same sort of deceptive packaging. The picture on the side of the box shows what most of us would consider a normal sized cookie. But when you open the box you find that it mostly contains a plastic tray holding cookies about the size of a quarter.br  I really want to like this company. They seem to be trying hard and coming out with new products and keeping allergens out of the production process. That is why I've continued to try their products. I bought their granola many times, always wanting to like it, but it is some of the worst food I've ever had. The ""clusters"" are hard as the partially popped kernels at the bottom of your bag of popcorn and more fitting for gerbils than people.br  All in all I would not recommend Enjoy Life foods.